# kern.services.CumulocityClient.Model.RealtimeNotification

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Advice** | [**RealtimeNotificationAdvice**](RealtimeNotificationAdvice.md) |  | [optional] 
**Channel** | **string** | The channel name as a URI. | 
**ClientId** | **string** | Unique client ID generated by the server during handshake. Required for all other operations. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ConnectionType** | **string** | Selected connection type. | [optional] 
**Data** | **Object** | List of notifications from the channel. | [optional] [readonly] 
**Error** | **string** | Operation failure reason (only present if the operation was not successful). | [optional] [readonly] 
**Ext** | [**RealtimeNotificationExt**](RealtimeNotificationExt.md) |  | [optional] 
**Id** | **string** | ID of the message passed in a request. Required to match the response message. | [optional] 
**MinimumVersion** | **string** | Minimum server-side Bayeux protocol version required by the client (in a request) or minimum client-side Bayeux protocol version required by the server (in a response). | [optional] 
**Subscription** | **string** | Name of the channel to subscribe to. Subscription channels are available for [Alarms](#tag/Alarm-notification-API), [Device control](#tag/Device-control-notification-API), [Events](#tag/Event-notification-API), [Inventory](#tag/Inventory-notification-API) and [Measurements](#tag/Measurement-notification-API). | [optional] 
**Successful** | **bool** | Indicates if the operation was successful. | [optional] [readonly] 
**SupportedConnectionTypes** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | Connection types supported by both client and server, that is, intersection between client and server options. | [optional] 
**VarVersion** | **string** | [Bayeux protocol](https://docs.cometd.org/current/reference/#_concepts_bayeux_protocol) version used by the client (in a request) or server (in a response).  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

